Update with-office-365.md (#6611)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/rooms/with-office-365.md

   Set-AzureADUser -UserPrincipalName <Account> -PhoneNumber "<PhoneNumber>"
   ```  -->

> [!NOTE]

> > If the password is not set to Never Expire, the account will no longer sign-in on the device when the account reaches the expiry period. The password will then need to be changed for the account and also updated locally on the MTR device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the password is not set to Never Expire, the account will no longer sign in on the device when the account reaches the expiry period. The password will then need to be changed for the account and also updated locally on the MTR device.
```

> > If the password is not set to Never Expire, then upon the account reaching the expiry period, the account will no longer sign-in on the device. The password will then need to be changed for the account and also updated locally on the MTR device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the password is not set to Never Expire, the account will no longer sign-in on the device when the account reaches the expiry period. The password will then need to be changed for the account and also updated locally on the MTR device.
```
